docs: update contribution guidelines (#404)
Access4all/adg: CONTRIBUTING.md

> - We use [Node.js](https://github.com/nodejs/node) as JavaScript run-time environment to build the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We use [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) as JavaScript run-time environment to build the page.
```
Should we link to the website instead of the repository?

- All contents are written in clean and sexy Markdown, see [Markdown (Wikipedia.org)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown).

>   - We use the [markdown-it](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it) parser to have some additional parsing features available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - We use the [markdown-it](https://markdown-it.github.io/) parser to have some additional parsing features available.
```
As with Node.js, it might make sense to link to the website instead of the repository.
